Reviewer: 1

Comments to the Author
This manuscripts describes exciting work demonstrating the potential relevance
of acoustic radiation force impulse (ARFI) and B-Mode ultrasound for
delineating prostate zonal anatomy dimensions and volumes in application to
prostate cancer diagnosis and treatment.  The current state of the art involves
MRI imaging, but an ultrasound-based complement would offer the benefits of
being low-cost, real-time and portable.  This work should be of great interest
to both the technically and clinically oriented UI readership.  Overall, the
manuscript is very well written, and the presented in vivo, clinical data
support the conclusions drawn. There are a few minor questions/comments for the
authors to consider before publication, which is recommended:

-An artistic rendering or other illustration of prostate anatomy would
facilitate the readers' understanding of the description of prostate anatomy in
section II.A.

- Pg 5, lines 109-112, are redundant with other text previously written in the
  background.

-The methods section describes that diffusion weighted images (with ADC maps)
and dynamic contrast enhanced MRI data were acquired in addition to the T2W
images.  Were the the diffusion and contrast enhanced MRI data used in the MRI
segmentation and/or analysis of MRI performance (as compared to ARFI).  It does
not appear that they were.  Why not?  Also, what contrast agent was used?

-Please describe what is meant by the "longitudinal array" (pg 6 line 151) and
specify that the ER7B is an endorectal transducer.  This was stated in the
associated figure caption but not in the text.  Also, please state more clearly
in the text that ARFI imaging was performed endorectally.

-Why were the tracking beams focused (@ 60 mm) twice as deep as the pushing
beams (@ 30 mm and above)?  It would seem that the radiation force would not
propagate this far below the pushing focal position. (pg 6 lines 163 and 154,
respectively).

-For the displacement normalization factor derived in phantom materials (pg 7
lines 176-177), what were the acoustic and mechanical properties of the
phantom, and were these well matched to the expected properties of prostate
tissue?  How much are these properties expected to vary from individual to
individual, with or without prostate cancer?  What would the impact of using of
an incorrect normalization factor be on the overall ARFI results?  The authors
should consider adding a discussion of the potential impact of the assumed
normalization factor to the limitations sections.

-Pg 8 lines 205-214 describe that both B-Mode (for prostate capsule) and ARFI
(for CG) data were used for segmentation.  First, how were these data combined?
Second, the use of B-Mode segmentation in addition to ARFI is not clearly
specified in the titles, text and figures.  For example, in Table III, was the
total volume calculation a result of both ARFI and B-Mode segmentations?  In
that case, the title and column labels describing "ARFI" total volume are
confusing because they imply that the B-Mode segmentation data were not used.
The same is true for the other tables, figures, text, and the main Title of the
manuscript.  If I understand correctly that B-Mode data were important to the
overall total volume segmentation, then it would be appropriate to better
clarify this point.  The point is currently confused by the main manuscript
title, text and figures that generally refer to "ARFI" performance.  I believe
the authors try to indicate that both B-Mode and ARFI data are used for the
segmentation by referring to the "ultrasound" imaging performance, as in "…
with a mean overestimation of of 16.82 ± 22.45% by ultrasound imaging compared
to MR volumes (Figure 6(b))." (pg 9 line 225), but this reader did not
immediately appreciate that "ultrasound" referred to combined B-mode and ARFI
segmentation as opposed to ARFI alone, and the "ARFI" labels throughout the
rest of the text, tables, titles, and figures further confused this point.

-How many readers performed the B-Mode and ARFI segmentation per image? per
entire study data set? Were the readers trained, and if so, how?  Did different
readers segment the B-Mode and ARFI data sets?  Did the same radiologist who
segmented the MRI images also segment the B-Mode and ARFI data?

-How would limits to ARFI resolution impact the results?

-The authors explain that gross pathology weights and axis measurements were
affected by the presence of peri-prostatic tissue.  Why could the
peri-prostatic tissue not be differentiated from the prostatic tissue in
histology after processing?  Wouldn't this enable better gold standard axis
measurements?

-Further to the point above, if the prostatic tissue axes could be measured
after histological processing, could you perform an ROC analysis to assess
ARFI/B-Mode versus MRI performance for axis measurement?

-pg 12, line 329, change "compliment" to "complement".

- Note that in my version of the manuscript, the figures and the captions
  written below them are blurry and difficult to read.  This may just be a
  formatting issue with the automatic reviewer support system, but it is worth
  confirming that figures and their captions will be clear for publication.


Reviewer: 2

Comments to the Author
This is a nice study of ARFI imaging of the prostate that compares ARFI images
to MRI. Three areas of the paper could be improved:

- the ellipsoidal prostate volume estimate from pathology could be improved by
  using the prostate segmentation on each of the whole mount pathology slides
  to align the data to the MRI prostate surface. The volume comparison is
  further complicated by the shrinkage of the prostate after fixation.

- Image registration. The three orthogonal dimensions of the images do not mean
  much. The slice thickness in MRI causes significant errors along this
  measurement axis, while the lateral-to-lateral dimension in ARFI seems to be
  enlarged by the TRUS deformation (this is not mentioned in the discussion,
  but seems to be fairly obvious from Fig. 2 and 5, for example). A Jaccard
  index type of comparison would be preferable after rigid or possibly
  volume-preserving deformable registration.

- discussion of prior work is inadequate. Volumetric acquisition and comparison
  of mechanical imaging with B-mode and MRI done before for vibro-elastography
  if not for ARFI and that work should be cited and discussed.
